what trap youtube flag to greetings
It is renewed and gentlemen here for nothing
what where in what is a new video
you already know server and friend from
a long time ago well in this
Occasion I come to you bringing what is a
customization pack yes gentlemen like
they are listening to him pack
customization for windows 7 by the
seeing the basics what he had
quite popular in the channel of it
renew and then nothing gentlemen here
working back with the great ones
very great editors that helped me that
behind the pack is renewed there
but a lot very much but a lot
I work a lot of editors and then nothing
gentlemen for all of them a great a
great greeting, gentlemen, you know who that
you do not need to mention them again
and then nothing gentlemen as I say
going back to what it is to what are the
new customization packs is that
are the first of this 2013 that is,
leave from 2012 and therefore very sure that
is the first of 2013 gentlemen then nothing
gentlemen you know here I leave the point
line in the description of the video as
always before they erase it and not
I do not think there is
well just once downloaded them
It will be simply make you click
right to extract here you already know it
I think that after everything taught
there is not going to be any novice not going to
contain what are two four five
six folders in the first one we go to
find what are the folders for
he and compaq yesterday here the truth is
super raffled super father super cool
gentlemen there you know they copy the folder
in his folder and compaq yesterday took
here is the know in the second let's
find what is a cursor that already
I had climbed a course with some super
effects I know it to the most style
Serrano is simply going to give
right click the installer and we're going to
give in install them will look like this
they simply let it install and it
they go to mouse and apply it later
I come bringing a folder that says
what is a roll what is what
will appear in the presentation of the
pack you already know without copy if I use it five
hospitals
in which there is still going to be a folder
which is called skin for haiti and then he
is the one who right now will see that the
it's really super super curly once
that you do it you know if they apply it
or not
in the penultimate we will find what
is the subject you already know choose those files
that there is right to copy or cut windows
resources issues and apply it out
Gentlemen copy it and then apply it
You know, it's a bit old, but
that the truth is supposed by fire not
Many people impress you because you do not
many people had not seen it and then they
beats even though the last one is old
let's find what are the
wallpapers that really are super
super super superpowers already knows pure
quality gentlemen leaves and then nothing gentlemen
I'm going to leave you with what the pact is
of customization I hope they come back to
come back these volume packs have the
same punch that I had before here in the
channel to renew them back to
receive because the truth
when you open the channel of yourself
renew in one of your videos
can be completely sure of
that nothing is junk that nothing is
means that nothing is videos without
without taking another time all everything
all all all all you have is
renew the work is quality and therefore
I hope the ball does not score you
come out gentlemen then nothing I went I am and
I'll be cr9 and remember that I'm just a
detail but with the right evolution
I make the difference I leave you with the pack
of customization bye
Y